README.md, before:

# Plugin-Ship-Info
Show detailed information of all owned ship girls

[![npm package][npm-badge]][npm]

### Change Log

#### V1.6.0
Add Sally area tag of Event Map

Add slotitem's alv

Put Training Cruiser in CL Button

Hide repair time when it's zero

#### V1.5.0
Add "All" button to filter buttons

Add exslot item

Fix window position

Get rid of warning
#### V1.4.0
Add Remold filter

Make table head clickable for sorting

**********history's dividing line************

Add more sort rules and change some sort rules acord to game

Remenber filter/sort config in poi
#### V1.3.0
Add i18n support
#### V1.2.1
Add more filters: level, expedition, lock
#### V1.2.0
Optimize the performance

#### V1.1.1
Add overylay to show the Now and Max values of the properties

Add condition highlight
#### V1.1.0
Fix bugs

Highlight the properties of a ship when it is max

[npm-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/poi-plugin-ship-info.svg?style=flat-square
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.org/package/poi-plugin-ship-info

Commit message:

add compile and publish scripts

README.md, after:

# Plugin-Ship-Info
Show detailed information of all owned ship girls

[![npm package][npm-badge]][npm]

## Note for developers
This plugin uses prepublish & postpublish scripts, please use npm^5 for publishing new versions, behaviours with npm<5 are not guaranteed.

### Change Log

#### V1.6.0
Add Sally area tag of Event Map

Add slotitem's alv

Put Training Cruiser in CL Button

Hide repair time when it's zero

#### V1.5.0
Add "All" button to filter buttons

Add exslot item

Fix window position

Get rid of warning
#### V1.4.0
Add Remold filter

Make table head clickable for sorting

**********history's dividing line************

Add more sort rules and change some sort rules acord to game

Remenber filter/sort config in poi
#### V1.3.0
Add i18n support
#### V1.2.1
Add more filters: level, expedition, lock
#### V1.2.0
Optimize the performance

#### V1.1.1
Add overylay to show the Now and Max values of the properties

Add condition highlight
#### V1.1.0
Fix bugs

Highlight the properties of a ship when it is max

[npm-badge]: https://img.shields.io/npm/v/poi-plugin-ship-info.svg?style=flat-square
[npm]: https://www.npmjs.org/package/poi-plugin-ship-info
